ALIAS_KEYS object
AnyTypeAnnotation func
ArrayExpression func
ArrayPattern func
ArrayTypeAnnotation func
ArrowFunctionExpression func
AssignmentExpression func
AssignmentPattern func
AwaitExpression func
BINARY_TYPES object
BLOCKPARENT_TYPES object
BLOCK_TYPES object
BOOLEAN_BINARY_OPERATORS object
BOOLEAN_NUMBER_BINARY_OPERATORS object
BOOLEAN_UNARY_OPERATORS object
BUILDER_KEYS object
BinaryExpression func
BindExpression func
BlockStatement func
BooleanTypeAnnotation func
BreakStatement func
CLASS_TYPES object
COMMENT_KEYS object
COMPARISON_BINARY_OPERATORS object
COMPLETIONSTATEMENT_TYPES object
CallExpression func
CatchClause func
ClassBody func
ClassDeclaration func
ClassExpression func
ClassImplements func
ClassProperty func
ComprehensionBlock func
ComprehensionExpression func
ConditionalExpression func
ContinueStatement func
DECLARATION_TYPES object
DebuggerStatement func
DeclareClass func
DeclareFunction func
DeclareModule func
DeclareVariable func
Decorator func
DoExpression func
DoWhileStatement func
EXPORTDECLARATION_TYPES object
EXPRESSION_TYPES object
EmptyStatement func
ExportAllDeclaration func
ExportDefaultDeclaration func
ExportDefaultSpecifier func
ExportNamedDeclaration func
ExportNamespaceSpecifier func
ExportSpecifier func
ExpressionStatement func
FLATTENABLE_KEYS object
FLIPPED_ALIAS_KEYS object
FLOWBASEANNOTATION_TYPES object
FLOWDECLARATION_TYPES object
FLOW_TYPES object
FORXSTATEMENT_TYPES object
FOR_INIT_KEYS object
FOR_TYPES object
FUNCTIONPARENT_TYPES object
FUNCTION_TYPES object
FUNC_TYPES object
File func
ForInStatement func
ForOfStatement func
ForStatement func
FunctionDeclaration func
FunctionExpression func
FunctionTypeAnnotation func
FunctionTypeParam func
GenericTypeAnnotation func
IMMUTABLE_TYPES object
Identifier func
IfStatement func
ImportDeclaration func
ImportDefaultSpecifier func
ImportNamespaceSpecifier func
ImportSpecifier func
InterfaceDeclaration func
InterfaceExtends func
IntersectionTypeAnnotation func
JSXAttribute func
JSXClosingElement func
JSXElement func
JSXEmptyExpression func
JSXExpressionContainer func
JSXIdentifier func
JSXMemberExpression func
JSXNamespacedName func
JSXOpeningElement func
JSXSpreadAttribute func
JSX_TYPES object
LOOP_TYPES object
LabeledStatement func
Literal func
LogicalExpression func
MODULEDECLARATION_TYPES object
MODULESPECIFIER_TYPES object
MemberExpression func
MetaProperty func
MethodDefinition func
MixedTypeAnnotation func
NUMBER_BINARY_OPERATORS object
NUMBER_UNARY_OPERATORS object
NewExpression func
Noop func
NullableTypeAnnotation func
NumberTypeAnnotation func
ObjectExpression func
ObjectPattern func
ObjectTypeAnnotation func
ObjectTypeCallProperty func
ObjectTypeIndexer func
ObjectTypeProperty func
PATTERN_TYPES object
PURE_TYPES object
ParenthesizedExpression func
Program func
Property func
QualifiedTypeIdentifier func
RestElement func
ReturnStatement func
SCOPABLE_TYPES object
STATEMENT_OR_BLOCK_KEYS object
STATEMENT_TYPES object
STRING_UNARY_OPERATORS object
SequenceExpression func
SpreadElement func
SpreadProperty func
StringLiteralTypeAnnotation func
StringTypeAnnotation func
Super func
SwitchCase func
SwitchStatement func
TERMINATORLESS_TYPES object
TYPES object
TaggedTemplateExpression func
TemplateElement func
TemplateLiteral func
ThisExpression func
ThrowStatement func
TryStatement func
TupleTypeAnnotation func
TypeAlias func
TypeAnnotation func
TypeCastExpression func
TypeParameterDeclaration func
TypeParameterInstantiation func
TypeofTypeAnnotation func
UNARYLIKE_TYPES object
USERWHITESPACABLE_TYPES object
UnaryExpression func
UnionTypeAnnotation func
UpdateExpression func
VISITOR_KEYS object
VariableDeclaration func
VariableDeclarator func
VoidTypeAnnotation func
WHILE_TYPES object
WhileStatement func
WithStatement func
YieldExpression func
__esModule boolean
anyTypeAnnotation func
appendToMemberExpression func
arrayExpression func
arrayPattern func
arrayTypeAnnotation func
arrowFunctionExpression func
assertAnyTypeAnnotation func
assertArrayExpression func
assertArrayPattern func
assertArrayTypeAnnotation func
assertArrowFunctionExpression func
assertAssignmentExpression func
assertAssignmentPattern func
assertAwaitExpression func
assertBinary func
assertBinaryExpression func
assertBindExpression func
assertBlock func
assertBlockParent func
assertBlockStatement func
assertBooleanTypeAnnotation func
assertBreakStatement func
assertCallExpression func
assertCatchClause func
assertClass func
assertClassBody func
assertClassDeclaration func
assertClassExpression func
assertClassImplements func
assertClassProperty func
assertCompletionStatement func
assertComprehensionBlock func
assertComprehensionExpression func
assertConditionalExpression func
assertContinueStatement func
assertDebuggerStatement func
assertDeclaration func
assertDeclareClass func
assertDeclareFunction func
assertDeclareModule func
assertDeclareVariable func
assertDecorator func
assertDoExpression func
assertDoWhileStatement func
assertEmptyStatement func
assertExportAllDeclaration func
assertExportDeclaration func
assertExportDefaultDeclaration func
assertExportDefaultSpecifier func
assertExportNamedDeclaration func
assertExportNamespaceSpecifier func
assertExportSpecifier func
assertExpression func
assertExpressionStatement func
assertFile func
assertFlow func
assertFlowBaseAnnotation func
assertFlowDeclaration func
assertFor func
assertForInStatement func
assertForOfStatement func
assertForStatement func
assertForXStatement func
assertFunc func
assertFunction func
assertFunctionDeclaration func
assertFunctionExpression func
assertFunctionParent func
assertFunctionTypeAnnotation func
assertFunctionTypeParam func
assertGenericTypeAnnotation func
assertIdentifier func
assertIfStatement func
assertImmutable func
assertImportDeclaration func
assertImportDefaultSpecifier func
assertImportNamespaceSpecifier func
assertImportSpecifier func
assertInterfaceDeclaration func
assertInterfaceExtends func
assertIntersectionTypeAnnotation func
assertJSX func
assertJSXAttribute func
assertJSXClosingElement func
assertJSXElement func
assertJSXEmptyExpression func
assertJSXExpressionContainer func
assertJSXIdentifier func
assertJSXMemberExpression func
assertJSXNamespacedName func
assertJSXOpeningElement func
assertJSXSpreadAttribute func
assertLabeledStatement func
assertLiteral func
assertLogicalExpression func
assertLoop func
assertMemberExpression func
assertMetaProperty func
assertMethodDefinition func
assertMixedTypeAnnotation func
assertModuleDeclaration func
assertModuleSpecifier func
assertNewExpression func
assertNoop func
assertNullableTypeAnnotation func
assertNumberTypeAnnotation func
assertObjectExpression func
assertObjectPattern func
assertObjectTypeAnnotation func
assertObjectTypeCallProperty func
assertObjectTypeIndexer func
assertObjectTypeProperty func
assertParenthesizedExpression func
assertPattern func
assertProgram func
assertProperty func
assertPure func
assertQualifiedTypeIdentifier func
assertRestElement func
assertReturnStatement func
assertScopable func
assertSequenceExpression func
assertSpreadElement func
assertSpreadProperty func
assertStatement func
assertStringLiteralTypeAnnotation func
assertStringTypeAnnotation func
assertSuper func
assertSwitchCase func
assertSwitchStatement func
assertTaggedTemplateExpression func
assertTemplateElement func
assertTemplateLiteral func
assertTerminatorless func
assertThisExpression func
assertThrowStatement func
assertTryStatement func
assertTupleTypeAnnotation func
assertTypeAlias func
assertTypeAnnotation func
assertTypeCastExpression func
assertTypeParameterDeclaration func
assertTypeParameterInstantiation func
assertTypeofTypeAnnotation func
assertUnaryExpression func
assertUnaryLike func
assertUnionTypeAnnotation func
assertUpdateExpression func
assertUserWhitespacable func
assertVariableDeclaration func
assertVariableDeclarator func
assertVoidTypeAnnotation func
assertWhile func
assertWhileStatement func
assertWithStatement func
assertYieldExpression func
assignmentExpression func
assignmentPattern func
awaitExpression func
binaryExpression func
bindExpression func
blockStatement func
booleanTypeAnnotation func
breakStatement func
buildMatchMemberExpression func
callExpression func
catchClause func
classBody func
classDeclaration func
classExpression func
classImplements func
classProperty func
clone func
cloneDeep func
comprehensionBlock func
comprehensionExpression func
conditionalExpression func
continueStatement func
createTypeAnnotationBasedOnTypeof func
createUnionTypeAnnotation func
debuggerStatement func
declareClass func
declareFunction func
declareModule func
declareVariable func
decorator func
doExpression func
doWhileStatement func
emptyStatement func
ensureBlock func
exportAllDeclaration func
exportDefaultDeclaration func
exportDefaultSpecifier func
exportNamedDeclaration func
exportNamespaceSpecifier func
exportSpecifier func
expressionStatement func
file func
forInStatement func
forOfStatement func
forStatement func
functionDeclaration func
functionExpression func
functionTypeAnnotation func
functionTypeParam func
genericTypeAnnotation func
getBindingIdentifiers func
identifier func
ifStatement func
importDeclaration func
importDefaultSpecifier func
importNamespaceSpecifier func
importSpecifier func
inherits func
inheritsComments func
interfaceDeclaration func
interfaceExtends func
intersectionTypeAnnotation func
is func
isAnyTypeAnnotation func
isArrayExpression func
isArrayPattern func
isArrayTypeAnnotation func
isArrowFunctionExpression func
isAssignmentExpression func
isAssignmentPattern func
isAwaitExpression func
isBinary func
isBinaryExpression func
isBindExpression func
isBinding func
isBlock func
isBlockParent func
isBlockScoped func
isBlockStatement func
isBooleanTypeAnnotation func
isBreakStatement func
isCallExpression func
isCatchClause func
isClass func
isClassBody func
isClassDeclaration func
isClassExpression func
isClassImplements func
isClassProperty func
isCompletionStatement func
isComprehensionBlock func
isComprehensionExpression func
isConditionalExpression func
isContinueStatement func
isDebuggerStatement func
isDeclaration func
isDeclareClass func
isDeclareFunction func
isDeclareModule func
isDeclareVariable func
isDecorator func
isDoExpression func
isDoWhileStatement func
isEmptyStatement func
isExportAllDeclaration func
isExportDeclaration func
isExportDefaultDeclaration func
isExportDefaultSpecifier func
isExportNamedDeclaration func
isExportNamespaceSpecifier func
isExportSpecifier func
isExpression func
isExpressionStatement func
isFile func
isFlow func
isFlowBaseAnnotation func
isFlowDeclaration func
isFor func
isForInStatement func
isForOfStatement func
isForStatement func
isForXStatement func
isFunc func
isFunction func
isFunctionDeclaration func
isFunctionExpression func
isFunctionParent func
isFunctionTypeAnnotation func
isFunctionTypeParam func
isGenericTypeAnnotation func
isIdentifier func
isIfStatement func
isImmutable func
isImportDeclaration func
isImportDefaultSpecifier func
isImportNamespaceSpecifier func
isImportSpecifier func
isInterfaceDeclaration func
isInterfaceExtends func
isIntersectionTypeAnnotation func
isJSX func
isJSXAttribute func
isJSXClosingElement func
isJSXElement func
isJSXEmptyExpression func
isJSXExpressionContainer func
isJSXIdentifier func
isJSXMemberExpression func
isJSXNamespacedName func
isJSXOpeningElement func
isJSXSpreadAttribute func
isLabeledStatement func
isLet func
isLiteral func
isLogicalExpression func
isLoop func
isMemberExpression func
isMetaProperty func
isMethodDefinition func
isMixedTypeAnnotation func
isModuleDeclaration func
isModuleSpecifier func
isNewExpression func
isNoop func
isNullableTypeAnnotation func
isNumberTypeAnnotation func
isObjectExpression func
isObjectPattern func
isObjectTypeAnnotation func
isObjectTypeCallProperty func
isObjectTypeIndexer func
isObjectTypeProperty func
isParenthesizedExpression func
isPattern func
isProgram func
isProperty func
isPure func
isQualifiedTypeIdentifier func
isReferenced func
isRestElement func
isReturnStatement func
isScopable func
isScope func
isSequenceExpression func
isSpecifierDefault func
isSpreadElement func
isSpreadProperty func
isStatement func
isStringLiteralTypeAnnotation func
isStringTypeAnnotation func
isSuper func
isSwitchCase func
isSwitchStatement func
isTaggedTemplateExpression func
isTemplateElement func
isTemplateLiteral func
isTerminatorless func
isThisExpression func
isThrowStatement func
isTryStatement func
isTupleTypeAnnotation func
isType func
isTypeAlias func
isTypeAnnotation func
isTypeCastExpression func
isTypeParameterDeclaration func
isTypeParameterInstantiation func
isTypeofTypeAnnotation func
isUnaryExpression func
isUnaryLike func
isUnionTypeAnnotation func
isUpdateExpression func
isUserWhitespacable func
isValidIdentifier func
isVar func
isVariableDeclaration func
isVariableDeclarator func
isVoidTypeAnnotation func
isWhile func
isWhileStatement func
isWithStatement func
isYieldExpression func
jSXAttribute func
jSXClosingElement func
jSXElement func
jSXEmptyExpression func
jSXExpressionContainer func
jSXIdentifier func
jSXMemberExpression func
jSXNamespacedName func
jSXOpeningElement func
jSXSpreadAttribute func
labeledStatement func
literal func
logicalExpression func
memberExpression func
metaProperty func
methodDefinition func
mixedTypeAnnotation func
newExpression func
noop func
nullableTypeAnnotation func
numberTypeAnnotation func
objectExpression func
objectPattern func
objectTypeAnnotation func
objectTypeCallProperty func
objectTypeIndexer func
objectTypeProperty func
parenthesizedExpression func
prependToMemberExpression func
program func
property func
qualifiedTypeIdentifier func
removeComments func
removeTypeDuplicates func
restElement func
returnStatement func
sequenceExpression func
shallowEqual func
spreadElement func
spreadProperty func
stringLiteralTypeAnnotation func
stringTypeAnnotation func
super func
switchCase func
switchStatement func
taggedTemplateExpression func
templateElement func
templateLiteral func
thisExpression func
throwStatement func
toBindingIdentifierName func
toBlock func
toComputedKey func
toExpression func
toIdentifier func
toKeyAlias func
toSequenceExpression func
toStatement func
tryStatement func
tupleTypeAnnotation func
typeAlias func
typeAnnotation func
typeCastExpression func
typeParameterDeclaration func
typeParameterInstantiation func
typeofTypeAnnotation func
unaryExpression func
unionTypeAnnotation func
updateExpression func
valueToNode func
variableDeclaration func
variableDeclarator func
voidTypeAnnotation func
whileStatement func
withStatement func
yieldExpression func